NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
DAMON: I need a dead Son
for the Niner and the cop you killed.
It maintains my relationships.
Trager stays inside for the rest of his life.
| just watched my best friend
get beaten to death for you.
I need Trager outside.
Him knowing I saved his life
gives me an internal advantage.
And when I'm done, you can send him out
the same way you did his kid.
Mr. Mayor.
JACOB: What?
JAX: I know how important
Charming Heights is to you.
We're gonna make your dream come true.
I can also get you a new investor.
One of the biggest developers in Oakland.
Did you see Otto?
Think I got through to him.
Shh.
My father, he's black. Eli found out.
He tried to get me to work with the feds.
Why?
There's a RICO case.
Otto flipped, Eli threatened me.
He said if I gave him evidence,
he would spare the club.
CLAY: What did you do?
JUICE: I stole that brick of coke.
Miles caught me doing it.
Clay was the one
that put the Nomads in motion.
I need proof.
You want me to spy on him?
I want you to be with him.
Make him feel like a king.
I want Frankie Diamonds and anyone else
responsible for killing my wife...
...and I give you the rat at your table.
Jesus Christ,
this is not what I wanted!
JAX: Who's the rat?
I'm not gonna be responsible for a dead body.
Chibs, Tig, Happy, they'd cut their own
hearts out before they'd talk to the cops.
Only leaves one guy. Guy who tried
to hang himself a few months back.
ROOSEVELT: He didn't have a choice.
JAX: We always have a choice.
Shit.
Really? You're sitting
on my house?
Taking you in for questioning.
For what?
NOW? The attack at Unser's.
Which way we gonna do this?
This is bullshit.
Where are
the prospects going?
Early morning pickup.
What are you doing here?
I ain't sleeping much.
Figure l'd catch up on work here.
Good. You can keep me company...
...because I'm sick of this
pain-in-the-ass exhaust.
How's the head?
Still hard.
How you feeling?
Tired and hated.
I heard you've been banned.
Tara will come around.
We're working on that.
What about...
...you and Nero?
Something happening there?
Who wants to know?
Just me, love.
Probably not.
Clay?
You done with him?
What do you think?
I think he still loves you.
How do you know that?
Same way you do.
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
CHIBS:
Bobby.
What you doing here?
I gotta lock up.
Yeah, I know.
| just talked to Jax.
He wants me to bring you up
to speed on a few things.
Okay.
BOBBY:
She okay?
CHIBS:
I think our mother's a little bit lost.
Yeah. I'm sure she is.
[SNIFFLING]
[TOY PIANO RINGING]
[BABY CRYING]
Shh....
It's okay.
Yeah.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Hey. All right, thanks, man.
Are you kidding me with this shit?
I would shut up and listen.
Jax knows that it was you
who gave up the club, okay?
You gotta get out of Charming now.
You ratted me out?
Uh-- No.
I needed Frankie. Okay?
Told Jax that I would give him
some intel on a rat.
But Frankie's dead.
I know.
I didn't tell Jax.
He already knew that it was you. I'm sorry.
Anything I can do?
Juice?
No.
No. I got it.
BOBBY:
I filled him in on Juice and RICO.
I had no choice, brother.
The secret protected the MC.
I'm sorry.
I get it.
Well, shit.
It's all falling apart, ain't it, Jackie?
Turning to shit.
Not for long.
I see an end.
I got something I gotta tell you.
I knew about the leverage
Roosevelt had on Juice.
I didn't want to say anything...
...because I didn't think
he would give us up.
What is it?
His old man's black.
You gotta be kidding me.
CHIBS: No.
There's no papen/vork.
Idiot didn't know any better.
[BOBBY SCOFFS]
Maybe it's time we change a few bylaws.
Amen.
SO, what do we do with Juice?
BOBBY:
Take him to the club.
Not yet.
All the shit we're trying to change...
We already had three members
turn on the club.
Word gets out about a rat,
it is gonna spook our new alliances...
...and blow back on everything
we're trying to do.
He's not really a threat.
We watch him, wait till it settles.
Yeah. And then what?
JAX:
Then we bring it to the table
Let him hang himself.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
Riding through this world
All alone
God takes your soul
You're on your own
The crow flies straight
A perfect line
On the devil's path
Until you die
Gotta look this life
In the eye
Hey.
Morning.
You heading in?
If I can see Otto today...
...I think he'll change his mind.
Be careful.
SO...
...I'm gonna drop Thomas off.
And Elyda will be here
in about 20 minutes.
Where's Abel?
Oh.
He's playing with Juice.
He's waiting for you.
Hey.
Morning.
Want some coffee?
JUICE: I'm good.
SO, what's going on?
I know you know.
Eli told me..
...hoping that I'd split.
I got no place to go, Jax.
NO friends.
NO family.
Things would turn to shit
no matter where I went.
I know about the leverage.
Chibs.
He knows?
Him and Bobby.
Why don't you tell me?
Feds had us on RICO.
They wanted the cartel
and the Irish more than us.
They said if I gave them intel
on the guns and the coke...
...they would only take the Sons
who were at the buy.
Leave the rest Of the MC intact.
I was just trying to protect the club.
Miles didn't steal the coke, did he?
He caught you stealing it.
An accident.
Shut up.
[SIGHS]
DO you wanna earn your way back in?
A pardon.
What does that mean?
It means you do everything
I tell you to do.
And I make sure your betrayal
never hits the table
It stays between us.
Yes, of course.
This club is all I got, you know that.
Just tell me what you need me to do.
Clay.
He was the one behind the Nomads.
Setting shit on fire
to sabotage my leadership.
Rita's murder.
Killing the Nomads.
The attacks on me and Unser.
That all happened
because of your pal Clay.
Oh, shit.
What?
Frankie tried to tell me that.
Tell you what?
He said that Clay
was behind the break-ins.
That the Nomads stole the safe...
...from his house,
but gave Clay back all the legal shit.
You're gonna find
those documents, Juice.
Because that's gonna prove
that Frankie's story is true...
...that Clay is a traitor and a murderer.
I know you're close to him, bro,
but he's poison.
And you don't know the half of it.
Jesus Christ, Jax.
He knows about me and RICO.
Put it together,
same way you did.
VVhen?
Couple Of days ago.
It's a simple choice, Juice.
You help me bring Clay down...
...Or you lose your patch.
And I think you know
what killing another member gets you.
Okay.
I'm in.
[GATE BUZZES]
V-LIN:
That's gotta be him.
We started the practice two years ago,
Gladys Hahn and myself.
Both pediatrics you met at Providence.
I know Gladys. She's wonderful.
KAREN: Yes, she is.
And last month we added Lisa Woo.
Neurosurgeon,
specializing in children.
Those are some potent girls
you have on your team.
Yes, and we're looking
to add one more
A neonatal specialist.
We'd like to make you an offer.
Um....
You do know I'm still in therapy.
I haven't Operated in months.
I also know the prognosis is good.
You're exactly what we want, Tara.
All your focus is on the healing.
Meticulous surgeon.
Using your down time
to refine your counseling skills.
Gave up the big city
to move back home.
And now gratis work in prison.
I did my homework
and Margaret helped.
I just filled in the blanks.
Um....
I'm not sure what to say.
Don't say anything.
Take a few days. Talk to your husband.
I'm here till the end of the week.
Okay. Thank you.
|-- I would take you out to lunch,
but I have a hot date with some inmates.
[ALL LAUGH]
That's right.
It was lovely meeting you in person.
This is all about our practice,
the town, the schools...
...hopefully everything
you'll need to say yes.
Fair enough.
Thank you.
ls Clay here?
GEMMA: No.
Haven't seen him since last night.
I took care Of his hands.
Find out where he is. Let me know.
I saw the papers.
Charming Heights vote going your way.
Congratulations.
Yeah, things are moving fon/vard.
Relax, Jacob, you're my landlord.
NO one thinks you're here to buy guns.
Which of course we don't sell.
[SIGHS]
Did you bring it?
What do you want it for?
Just making good on our agreement.
The investor in Oakland.
That may not be necessary.
It could be a number of people--
Number you're looking for is one, mayor.
I need a name, for chrissake.
And when it's real, you'll get your name.
Nice.
All right, there's a couple things
I'd like us to be clear on.
When I make this happen,
TM gets the contract...
...to do all the mechanical work on
Charming Heights maintenance vehicles.
And?
Subsidized housing for Lyla and her kids.
Hm?
It's Opie's widow.
5????
3; Eggs?
. , eerie
Prospects called.
Appreciate it, mayor.
I'll be in touch.
Yeah.
They trailed Hightower to
a club outside of Oakland.
Let's go.
All right.
Here Put that in my Office.
Yes, sir.
What did Hale want?
Diosa papenNork.
Hey, you hear
from Juice yet?
NO.
Delaney's been complaining
about headaches, stiff neck, nausea.
Could be bullshit,
but until we get the blood work....
Makes sense.
Those are pre-symptoms
Of meningitis.
We're not equipped
to do a spinal tap.
There's an internist on duty
at St. Thomas.
I'll check out Otto, give him a call,
see what he recommends.
Great.
Right. Well, I'll be in prep if you need me.
Okay, thank you.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Figured out what you were treating me for,
gave them a few symptoms.
Because you wanted
to see me?
You believe in God?
Um....
I think so.
Nah.
That's not believing, doc.
That's covering your ass
in case there's a Rapture.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
Luann was a bit Of a Jesus nut.
Think it helped balance the shame she felt
taking dick in her ass for a living.
I tried to believe...
...but never stuck.
Something happened to me yesterday,
with you.
I haven't cried that way since
I was a kid.
That's good.
[SIGHS]
I'll make my part Of RICO go away.
Thank you.
I'd--
I'd like one more thing.
What's that?
Before I went inside...
...I gave Luann this crucifix
my mother gave me.
It was this ornate gold and silver piece.
Luann promised she'd give it back
to me when I got out.
I know they're not gonna let me
have it in here...
...but I just wanna wear it
for a few minutes.
You know,
maybe say a prayer or something.
I'll see if I can get it.
It's gotta be today, doc.
That blood comes back soon...
[CHUCKLES]
...and they're gonna figure out
there ain't nothing wrong with me
Hey, brother.
Sorry it's been so long.
Heard what happened.
Glad you're still standing.
Me too.
[PRISONERS CHATTERING]
I got wind of a RICO case against us.
I think Otto might be involved.
You hear anything?
Nothing more
than I already told Jax.
Otto talking to the feds.
Right.
How about the last few weeks?
You notice any change in Otto's status?
NO. Still on the row. Protected.
NO visitors.
I can't get to him
if that's what you're asking.
Oh.
Feds haven't made a move,
so I don't know, maybe it's bullshit, huh?
Hope so.
Can I do anything for you
on the outside?
I ain't got no more outside.
Yeah.
Hey.
I got your message.
Where have you been?
I went by the trucking lot
and the Airstream was gone.
Ah.
I was asked to vacate
the premises.
Apparently, double homicides
are bad for business.
SO where you living?
Here and there.
Christ, Wayne.
Just park it along that fence
until you find another lot.
Okay.
Thanks.
Sit down.
What's bothering you?
Clay's the one behind
the Nomad attacks.
And Rita's murder.
But Jax can't prove it.
SO he wants me to find something,
anything...
...that he can take to the table
to hang Clay.
Shit.
There anything you can think of?
Not offhand.
But I'll, uh,
burn some gray matter on it.
Thank you.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Yeah.
What's up?
Any movement?
Just some locals.
But we scoped it out, Jax.
There are bikes in back.
Tricked-out shit.
BOBBY:
What's up?
JAX:
Come on, bikes in the back.
Oh, man.
Shit.
Bikes look familiar.
[SAN QUINN'S "PAID"
PLAYING ON SPEAKERS]
Teller, what the hell
you doing here, brother?
I'd like to ask you
the same question.
This is a Bastard hang,
man.
SO, what's going on?
We're looking for someone.
Guy called Randall Hightower.
Large black fella.
Looks like the word "Obey"
should be pasted under his head.
Why you looking for him?
He killed Opie.
When we were in county.
Shit.
I don't like where this is going, T.O.
He hired us to protect him.
I didn't know it was from you.
Well, we'll be buying out your contract.
Ain't that simple.
He's my cousin, man.
We came up together.
RANDALL: You sold me out.
T.O.: Randall, no!
BOBBY: Go! GO! Get the front.
Chibs.
You can play
If you're caught, you gonna get your life took
Making the money
It's a feel-good life
Baby girl with her man
Still gonna look
It's the phenom, you a peon
Still in the streets
Above and beyond
I got drink in my cup
Wally on my waist
Roll with the top
When I'm trying to get laid
CHIBS:
Move!
Trying to get paid, paid
I’m just trying to get paid, paid
I’m just trying to get paid
YO. We had no idea Randy
was involved in Ope's death, man.
Well, now you know.
Where do we find him?
He's blood, man.
I can'tjust turn him over.
There's gotta be something
we can work out.
Like what, bro?
How we gonna make this right?
BOBBY: Jax, Jax.
[POLICE SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
TIG:
Well, isn't this just a bunch of bullshit?
Let's just find Fat Albert and cave his skull in.
Second that.
Twenty years we have had relationships
with these people.
The Grim Bastards have always
backed us. Always.
Maybe we need to look
for a compromise.
There was a couple other guys with
your cousin when they took out Opie.
Why don't you let us
talk to him?
We'll get those names, throw him
a beating, but we'll let him live.
All right. I'll track him down.
I'll let you know.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Yeah.
Got a minute?
For what?
Last piece of the puzzle.
I went through Luann's shit
in storage.
It's gotta be this.
Yeah. That looks right.
Thanks.
You gonna make me ask?
I gave Otto his care package.
He asked for this too.
They're not gonna let him keep that.
NO, I know.
He just wanted to see it again.
Sentimental value, I guess.
You volunteering at Stockton?
Yeah.
Since when?
Urn, just recently.
I have the time.
Seemed like the right thing to do.
Good for you.
Tell Otto I say hi.
Hm.
Hope that saves his soul.
Thanks for coming.
Bringing this.
GEMMA:
Anything you need, Mom.
What's so urgent?
I got a little disturbing news the other day
I wanted to bounce off my Mexican brethren.
It turns out there was
this RICO case, right?
It was about to come crashing down
on all of us.
And then all of a sudden,
it just went away.
You wouldn't know anything about that?
How the hell I know?
LUIS: Who told you this shit?
I heard it from my sources.
You got sources now?
Oh, yeah. They're helping
me sort through all the facts.
For instance, how you were able to get Jax
to do a 180 on the drugs and the guns.
And why he kept me breathing...
...so that Galen can continue to funnel
Irish guns your way.
One might think you were holding
something over his head.
Like maybe a RICO case
And then it hit me
In order to pull that off, you'd have
to be wearing two really big hats.
What federal agency could be
that devious and that manipulative?
Where's this going?
I don't know, and that's the problem.
I think Jax is pushing to kill
the RICO leverage you got.
If that happens, I go away...
...and the guns go away,
and you go away.
How's he doing that?
He's getting at Delaney.
Guy who gave them history.
Looks like we both have
something to lose.
What do you want?
I want protection.
When the MC gets out Of the picture,
you're gonna need me. I got Galen.
Him and me will put together a crew,
we'll keep the guns floating your way.
Then all you'll need is
a mule for your coke
MC's gotta stay in the picture.
They've been really good for us.
Yeah, you're right.
If that push comes to that shove...
...we'd need you more than Jax.
Out with the new,
in with the Old.
Jax goes away, you get the MC back,
everything stays in place.
NO.
NO, I ain't gonna make that deal.
Sure you are.
LUIS:
Be in touch.
Hey. Thanks for meeting me
Yeah.
I come bearing gifts.
Charming Heights.
A three-phase residential community.
They're looking for backers.
Our mayor is the principal developer.
How convenient.
He's also indebted to me
Good for you.
I don't know if it's a good investment
or not, but I wanted to run it by you.
He's desperate to keep
this thing alive
You can do a lot
with a desperate man.
What's your end?
Maintenance contracts.
Some kind Of percentage for the MC.
All up for discussion.
Nothing greedy.
Sounds fair.
Thinking beyond the street.
Just taking your lead, man.
Mm-hm.
There's only one thing standing in
the way of our growing partnership.
You know what
that is, right?
Yeah.
Hm.
How much longer do you need Trager
on that leash?
I'm not sure yet.
I am.
I need an end date.
I found out who the insider was
trying to hurt us.
Mm-hm.
Clay Morrow.
Your father?
Stepfather.
I'm still putting together the pieces on how
to bring him down, but it's gonna be soon.
When that happens,
you can have Trager.
You have my word.
I'm expecting "soon" to be soon.
If not, I intervene.
And that's bad for everyone.
Understood.
Oh, yeah.
The guy you're looking for.
One who killed your friend in county.
He's at the boatyard,
Canal and Hayward.
I'll run this past my board.
Look at you.
[CHUCKLING]
Here
T.O.:
How'd you know we were here?
JAX:
A friend.
You remember
what those are, right?
I'm trying here, man.
I can't convince Randy
you ain't gonna kill him.
Come on. Where is he?
Listen, I talked to him about Opie.
The order came down from Pope
to take you guys out in county.
GN recruited Randy because Of his size.
It was the guards who set up that kill.
Coz had no choice, man, he was in too deep.
SO who were the other guys?
Hardly knew them.
Let us hear that from him.
I need your word, man.
Yeah, okay.
T.O.:
Coz, they just wanna talk.
Hey, let him go, let him go.
They just wanna talk, coz.
We'll flank him.
Bobby.
[ALL SHOUTING]
[GUN COCKS]
Hey!
Back Off!
JAX: Put the gun down!
You're gonna kill me
NO, man, we wanna talk to you.
Your call, T.O.
Randall, listen,
they gave me their word, all right?
Just put the gun down, man.
Who else killed our friend?
One guy, his name was Aldo.
Smith, I think.
Other guys,
I just knew their first name.
Vox and Mace.
That's all I know. I swear.
I got this.
Jesus Christ! What is this shit?
[GUNSHOTS]
Jax, you gave me your word, man.
And so did you.
You said you were gonna deliver him.
You didn't.
Who the hell are you?
Jax.
You just shit
on two decades Of brotherhood.
What you did back there
was wrong.
And it hurts all Of us.
Yeah, you might be right.
But you didn't see
the pleasure in that animal's face...
...when he caved in Opie's skull!
We did!
[DOOR CLOSES]
I'll go talk to him.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
[SIGHS]
You did what you had to do,
Jackie.
I know.
Things are gonna get bloody, brother.
I'm not sure if Bobby's gonna be able
to roll with it.
I need to know that I have you in my corner.
I've always been there.
And I always will.
Come here.
I love you, kid.
Understand?
I'm gonna get cleaned up.
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
Hey, man.
You don't have to do that.
It's cool.
Came to see if you need anything.
Prospects are doing a Costco run.
NO, I'm fine.
Sit for a sec, will you?
You know...
...I don't think I could have gotten
through the past month without you.
NO, no, I mean it.
You reminded me
Of what being a brother really is.
Thanks, man.
I made a lot of mistakes, Juice.
I've done some really heinous shit.
Most of it,
I can't even begin to tell you.
What are you talking about?
You get to this point in your life...
...and you start to wonder...
...are you chasing after shit
you don't even want anymore?
I'm exhausted, son.
Just”
...watch my back.
Please.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
I'll get it.
Hey.
JUICE:
Sure.
Brought you some basics.
Change up your diet
Of bourbon and cornflakes.
Appreciate that.
See you later.
Thanks, sweetheart.
You okay?
Yeah.
Thank you.
[GASPING]
NO.
Not here.
Let's go home.
OTTO:
Thank you.
Put it around my neck.
Please, just for a few minutes.
Next to my heart.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Can I get a minute alone?
It's been a very long time since I prayed.
Sure.
Thank you.
I'll just...
...bring these to the lab.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
Okay.
[DOOR BUZZES]
[BUZZES]
What do you want, Delaney?
Get me the hell out Of here.
Where's Dr. Knowles?
I'm fine.
Where's his chart?
It's not here.
OTTO: Let's go, come on.
Bring him back to the guard.
ORDERLY:
You don't look sick to me, Delaney.
What are you doing?
Are you done with him?
NO. No.
I was just checking these x-rays.
Guard. Guard!
NO!
Please. Don't.
Sons live. Redwood bleeds.
NO.
NO. No!
[SCREAMING]
NO!
[GASPING]
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
How'd it go?
Nothing yet.
Ticking clock, Juice.
You should find it. Soon.
What happens when I do?
To Clay.
The same thing that happens to you...
...if you don't find it.
Jax.
I appreciate the digs.
Sure.
How's that board in there looking?
Anything new pinned on it?
Nothing we both don't already know.
Any word on Frankie Diamonds?
My guess is you can pull his pin out.
Right.
Three down, one to go.
Why don't you go grab yourself a beer.
All right. Thanks.
You do know I'm gonna expect some labor
in exchange for the space.
I'll work on my pole dancing.
What's the matter?
Why you still dressed?
I know how bad I hurt us, Gem.
Iguessun
I guess I'm just surprised
I'm even back here at all.
You don't have to believe this,
Gem, but it's true.
The only good that came out
Of all the chaos that I created...
...is that it showed me...
...the one thing I cared about,
the only thing I cared about...
...is you, baby.
I don't wanna do this, be here...
...unless this is...
...really something you want.
I can't handle losing you twice.
You here to tell me
I should leave town?
Where is he?
Juice?
The clubhouse with the guys.
How?
You're suddenly struck with a conscience?
NO more than you, sheriff.
Don't compare our guilt.
Hey, brother...
...Once you cross the line,
there is no comparing.
There's just that side Of the line
Don't worry about Juice,
I'll take care of him.
Are you gonna take care
Of Clay too?
Dead Frankie...
...the bull goose shot caller?
Unlikely.
I know it was Clay.
SO do I.
Looks like we got
another common goal.
I'm not gonna let this one end up dead
in the back Of a Ford, you understand?
Okay. I'm open to suggestions.
[ALISON MOSSHART & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "BLIND RIDE" PLAYING]
Hey.
What is it
That I’m looking for?
How'd it go today?
I don ’t know, my love
Otto reversed
his RICO statement.
You're kidding.
How?
What happened?
He killed a nurse.
Brutally.
Now the feds will have to throw out
his testimony.
Jesus,babe.
He did that with you there?
With a crucifix he gave Luann.
He asked me to bring it to him.
I did.
Oh, shit.
[SCOFFS]
He had it all planned, Jax.
He saved the MC, but he...
...needed to hurt you.
The way you hurt him.
Someone you love
They're gonna find out
I gave him that murder weapon.
Who I am, why I was there.
He made me an accessory to murder.
Babe.
I'm not gonna let that happen.
Okay? We're gonna get through this,
like we do everything else.
That's what scares me the most.
It's a blind ride
That we do